Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to solve an issue.
Okay, now click on the sign of button.
You can simply have this loaded spinner, and these fields are not yet filled in.
Okay, now, before we resolve this error, I'm going to show you the reason for this error.
Head up to the London cell screen and we can use control and beta.
Make this right.
Okay.
You can see over here we created a function called Sign Up.
Now what is the function?
A function is simply a block of code that gets executed whenever it is called.
You can see why we have.
The function of sorry.
We are simply calling the function of a so whatsoever we have within.
This block.
This block rights whatsoever we have over here is going to get cold.
But as you can see, we are adding majors on our East Coast are going to be cold before this is going
to get robbed.
The fields must be valid and before this is going to get drawn, the user must have picked an image.
Right.
Okay.
And over here we are basically saying immediately the user clicks on the sign up is going to set this
loading to true.
Right.
It's going to start loading.
So what we have to do is if the fields are not valid, you can see why we have this.
If the fields are not valid, then we want to return a snack bar which says our fields must not be empty.
So over here we also do need to set state.
Set states.
Said States.
Hopefully I get another prediction.
Said State and it's loading.
It's slow and should remain force.
Right?
Loading.
Should we man force?
Okay.
I'm just going to.
Is Lowden.
Is Snowden okay?
And also, if the field's savvy, if the user refuses to pick an image, we also want to set the stage
so that load is going to stick with that force, the case says states.
And it's loading.
So then should women force?
Okay.
Great.
And now it's is true and save.
I'm going to go back to the screen and come back again.
We just have to wait here.
Okay.
And back to the Create Seller's account.
Now click on this.
Look, you can see you can see we do not have that loaded spinner because what we are basically saying,
remember I said a function is simply a block of code that gets code whenever that gets executed, whenever
it is called.
So all these are a block of code which sorry orders are blocks or blocks of all the sub blocks of code
inside this sign of function.
Right.
And over here we are had integers on how each code is going to get executed.
This code is going to get, as I said, if all those fields are valid and you can see we are having
another if statement to check if the image was actually picked.
Right.
Okay.
And basically, whenever a user clicks on this, it's going to is going to start creating, it's going
to start loading.
But over here you can see we have the X, the S not x the spot.
And if the fields are not yet valid, we just want to remain at first.
Okay.
Fully understand this.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.